Say, what's up? Me, I'm great!
So, let's go! L.O.V.E!
Bae, you know? Yeah, I do!
Go for it! L.O.V.E!
Until today,
I thought we were just friends
Since our kindergarten days,
we've been like siblings
Even after we'd grown up,
we'd talk about each other's love lives
Like the right time to kiss
We'd consult each other about such things
On the station escalator,
I saw you going up from behind
I knew it was you right away,
but you seemed so grown up
You are mature!
(Oh yeah!)
I'm falling harder and harder for you
Today even more than yesterday!
(Love you most)
Even if I try to hide my true feelings
I can't lie
Wow, I'm falling harder and harder for you
This feeling is new to me
(It's aching)
If I confess it, there's no going back
and I'd regret it
Before I knew it,
this aching and pain have crept up
Ah, it's a crescendo of falling in love
Say, what's up? Me, I'm great!
So, let's go! L.O.V.E!
Bae, you know? Yeah, I do!
Go for it! L.O.V.E!
I never thought of you as
someone of the opposite gender
Yeah, in my memories, you're still that tomboy
At the usual cafe terrace, your exaggerated hand gestures
and calling my nickname out loud, you haven't changed
Nothing changes!
(Oh yeah!)
Little by little, I realized
What it means to fall in love
(What is love?)
Dozens of times a day
you come into my mind
Wow, little by little, I realized
there's only you
(Only you!)
I can't love anyone else more than this
It hurts too much
But I can't say that
And the best is yet to come
So, what should I say?
It's hard to say I love you!
Someday, will you tell me about your boyfriend?
What should I say then?
I might end up giving you advice!
Little by little, I realized
what it means to fall in love
Dozens of times a day
you come into my mind!
(Oh, yeaaaaaah)
Oh, I'm falling harder and harder for you
Today even more than yesterday!
(Love you most)
Even if I try to hide my true feelings
I can't lie
Wow, I'm falling harder and harder for you
This feeling is new to me
(It's aching)
If I confess, there's no going back
and I'd regret it
Before I knew it,
this aching and pain have crept up
Ah, it's a crescendo of falling in love
Say, what's up? Me, I'm great!
So, let's go! L.O.V.E!
Bae, you know? Yeah, I do!
Go for it! L.O.V.E!